Document Render.com and Github (#17)
commonknowledge/handbook: tech-stack.md

# Our preferred tech stack

We centralise on a few key technologies and services for a few reasons, like team pricing, consistent workflows, and to avoid bikeshedding.

## Web hosting: Render

[In 2023](https://twist.com/a/188270/ch/692025/t/5707889/c/87666307) we decided to go all in on Render.com, replacing Vercel. We have a team account.

> We still use Digital Ocean for object storage and legacy sites, and a Kinsta account for Wordpress sites.

Reviewer: As one audience for this guide is "people poking around to see what Common Knowledge use and thus endorse" so this make their UX easier than "google it, click through".

## Source code: Github

> Github.com. We also have a Gitlab, but we don't use it unless our clients need it.

Reviewer: If I was going to be ultra nit picking here, trying to use the name companies use for their products to avoid ambiguity. GitHub.com is what people commonly call their SAAS offering, but GitHub (the company) call it GitHub pretty consistently.

```suggestion
GitHub, the software as a service version. We also have a GitLab, but we don't use it unless our clients need it.
```
